### Understanding Kubernetes Networking

In node there are two networks (internal and external)
internal is defined in software (SDN - software defined network).
And another network is pod network it is defined by the container runtime interface and this makes sure that you can run pods.
The service by default is connected to the cluster network and it is doing load balancing to the different pods. And this service has its own IP address and by default, this service IP address is visible on the cluster IP.
That means that it cannot directly be accessed from the outside

There are two solutions for that.

 In solution number one, we have Ingress. And Ingress is something that you should logically place on the outside. The nice thing is that Ingress is connected to your provider DNS and that means that your users can do a DNS query. DNS query results to Ingress and Ingress connects directly to the service. And by connecting to the service, Ingress knows about the different pods that are available. The disadvantage of Ingress is that it is providing HTTP, HTTPS traffic only. 
 
 Second solution is a different type of service. And this different type of service is not going to be cluster IP, It is going to be NodePort. NodePort is exposing a port on the cluster nodes, somewhere around 32,000. And this port is forwarded to the NodePort service. That means that by using NodePort, you have something that makes your application accessible directly on the cluster nodes. 
 
 The next question is, how am I going to tell my users about it? Well, users are going to be connected through DNS to an external load balancer, and this load balancer can perfectly divide the load balance to workload between all of these different exposed node ports. So, you may think that users need to know about these node ports, that's not true. Users are still just going to access the DNS name of your application. From DNS, they go to the load balancer. Load balancer is bringing them to the exposed NodePort. From the NodePort, they reach out to the pods, and they will be connected to the actual application. This is how networking works in a Kubernetes environment.
